SDEV-M01 Computing Logic Section Overview

Introduction
In order to guide your learning, the information on this page are divided into these sections: 

Overview Page
Learning Activities Page
Note-taking for Quizzes and Other Assessments
Module Quiz
Welcome to the Computing Logic section of the Knowledge Assessment test!  The purpose of this page is to provide an overview of how the modules and learning activities are structured so that you have a consistent experience throughout the section. 

If your score was below 70% for KA-IT Part 2 - Computing Logic, you will be required to successfully complete the 7 SDEV module quizzes to be considered for admission to the CWCT program. If your score was below 70% for KA-IT Part 1 - Informatics Fundamentals, you will also need to complete the 7 INFM module quizzes.

Computing Logic Modules are designed with a short form notation of SDEV-M01 through SDEV-M07.  SDEV refers to the field of Software Development from which these materials are derived.

You should complete each module in order, starting with this module SDEV-M01, then complete SDEV-M02, and so on, until you have completed SDEV-M07.

You are only required to pass each of the seven module Quiz at a score of 70% or better. You can repeat the quiz as many times as you like, however, the quiz questions may change.

Each of the modules will have pages which follow the format below.

Overview Page
Each module begins with an Overview page.
The purpose of the Overview page is to introduce the module topic and provide an outline of the section-level objectives that will be addressed in the module.
Learning Activities Page
Each module has a Learning Activities page.
This is where you will find the learning content.  The content will be presented in a number of forms, including online books, web articles, and videos.
This page begins with an introduction and lists the major headings at the top.  The headings indicate how the content is organized on the page.  You can see an example of this format at the top of this page.
Embedded links and embedded videos are used for you to access the readings and videos.
Readings and videos have indications as to how much of the resource to absorb.
Note-taking for Quizzes and Other Assessments 
Learning activities come with a list of "take-aways" that are bulleted lists created from the contents in the readings and videos.  You should use these bulleted lists for note-taking purposes to prepare for quizzes and other assessments.
Module Quiz
The Module Quiz is the only item required to be completed. It must be completed with a score of 70% or higher.
Each Quiz consists of 7-20 questions totaling 20 points.
Therefore at least a score of 14 points is required to move on to the next section.
 

Now it is time to begin!
The content in each module is sequenced in the suggested order you should complete it. 