KA-IT Part 2 
Computing Logic (SDEV) Assessment
Due May 25 at 10am 
Points 50 Questions 25 Time Limit None

Instructions

DEADLINE TO COMPLETE: Monday, May 25, 2026 - 8am central.  Applicants unable to complete by the deadline will need to email Chrissy Duncan at cduncan63@ivytech.edu to be granted access into a new assessment cohort and the participants will need to re-do any previously completed tasks.

Part 2 of the Knowledge Assessment (KA) for Information Technology (IT) covers topics within Computing Logic.

The assessment tool is used to determine your mastery of Computing Logic concepts and will be used, if necessary, to provide you with additional materials to help you obtain the basic skills needed to be successful in the CWCT program.

Part 2 is comprised of 25 true/false, multiple choice, multiple answer, and fill in the blank questions that are worth 2 points each .

The KA for IT - Computing Logic accounts for 50% of the knowledge assessment required to be considered for admission into the CWCT program.  The other 50% is the KA for IT - Informatics Fundamentals.

Please read each question carefully and completely and select or enter the best response.

You have unlimited time to complete the assessment but you may only take this assessment once. Progress cannot be saved to please allow yourself adequate time to complete Part 2 of the assessment in one sitting.

If you score below 70% (35 out of 50 points) on the KA-IT Part 2 - Computing Logic (SDEV) Assessment, you will be required to complete all 7 SDEV module quizzes with a score of 14/20 on each quiz.  The module quizzes do not have time limits and you are provided unlimited attempts for the module quizzes.

If you score 70% or higher on the KA-IT Part 2 - Computing Logic (SDEV) Assessment, you have successfully completed the KA for IT - Computing Logic portion and do not need to complete any further material within the SDEV modules.

Due to the limited capacity and selective nature of the program, completing assessments does not guarantee admission into the CWCT program.  Applicants MUST email Chrissy Duncan at cduncan63@ivytech.edu (NOT the messaging system within IvyLearn) when they have completed both parts of the IT assessment AND the Career Explorer Survey in order for their application to move forward.  This is the only way the program will know you have finished the required assessments.

